Not enough time.
The rest should be about the same.
He forgot that the brothers in front of him couldn't stand it anymore
Now the brothers are dead and wounded
You can't even last 10 damn minutes!
You can't work part-time without ammo
Hang yourself, surrender now
Spit your spit
Forget it, I can still ride myself
Handsome
Senior brother
Where are you going?
Can't you go?
Teacher, if it wasn't for this kid stalling for time
We've already retreated, we can't let him
Where are your things?
Yeah. Didn't you see it coming empty-handed?
He must have wanted to say something nice
Recommend development for yourself
Let me shoot him
I'm talking to my big brother, how can you interject?
Go away and die
Don't stop
Brother
Is there any cannonball for my brother to plant flowers with?
Also come in